There are two collection in db that are important for that part.
Sold items collection and current advertisements collection.
They don't have the same items whatsoever. If an item is sold -> it should be removed
from the adv. collection. And if the item is in adv. collection -> it should not be
in the sold collection at the same time.

I)
fetch and download items from web (olx) and db:
1) current olx items from the web
2) items from the adv. collection with the same id as web adv.
3) items form the sold collection
Adv. collection items are subset of web items. Sold items are subset of web items.
They are both fetched from the db using advertisements' id from the web.
Sold items and adv. items do not have the same items.

II)
Comparison of given items.
There are two categories of web items:
active and inactive (set as inactive by olx user or deleted).
Active are treated like current items and inactive as sold.

Web items (the biggest set) contain new items as well as old ones.

New items (they are not present in sold or adv. collections) are simply added to adv. collection.
But if they are marked as inactive or deleted -> ignore them. Most likely an advertisement
owner made a mistake in the adv and didn't sold an item.

Old items should be treated differently.
Given two types of web items and two collections we have 4 different intersections of old items:
1)  Item is present in adv. collection and is not marked as sold.
    If it's not changed, ignore it.
2)  Item is present in adv. collection and marked as sold.
    Doesn't matter if it was changed or not. Remove it from the adv. collection
    and add to the sold items collection.
3)  Item is present in sold collection and is not marked as sold.
    Owner didn't sell an item.
    Remove item from the sold collection and add to the adv. collection.
4)  Item is present in sold collection and is marked as sold.
    There is slight probability that it was changed.
    In order to change sold items on olx it should be set as active, changed ans then set as inactive.
    And it should not be spotted by this application.
    Even though -> just ignore it. The important part that it was sold anyways.

